<!--
Bookmark Favicon Changer by Sonthakit Leelahanon.
Copyright 2014 Sonthakit Leelahanon. All rights reserved.
-->

<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<title>Bookmark Favicon Changer Help</title>
		<script src="nocontext.js"></script>
	</head>
	<body bgcolor="pink">
		<h1><center>Bookmark Favicon Changer Help</center></h1>
		<ul>
			<li>Right click at bookmark to manipulate favicon.</li>
			<li>"<b>Change favicon</b>" - changing favicon of selected bookmark. You can change favicon only one by one and URL must begin with http, https or file. Any size and type of image files can be use as custom favicons. "Bookmark Favicon Changer" will resize and change it to 16x16 pixel PNG image file and then save in database. After changing favicon, there is no need for original file to exist.</li>
			<li>"<b>Pin favicon</b>" - use current favicon as a custom favicon. This will prevent website to change this favicon.</li>
			<li>"<b>Reset favicon</b>" - revert favicon back to original one or try to load from the internet at the most likely address.</li>
			<li>"<b>Remove favicon</b>" - remove favicon and use default one.</li>
			<li>"<b>Export favicon</b>" - save favicon in your hard disk.</li>
			<li>You can export any favicon. But you can only "change favicon", "reset favicon" and "remove favicon" from URL that begin with http, https or file.</li>
			<li>A small window will appear during change, reset or remove favicon. This is normal and needed.</li>
			<li>If you have difficulty to change or protect your custom favicon, please try use "<b>Shortcut Technique</b>". It is very special and more powerful.</li>
			<li><u>You need "<b>Bookmark Favicon Changer</b>" to be active to prevent favicon turn back.</u> You can't just change favicon and uninstall extension. It will not work, favicon will turn back when you visit that page or you clear the history or favicon reach expire date. But the good news is, "<b>Shortcut technique</b>" has no these limitations.</li>
			<li>There are more things you can do by click "<b>More</b>" or "<b>Advance Settings.</b>"</li>
		</ul>
	</body>
</html>
